RJS-2841: Upgrade to Realm Core v14.11.0 (#6739)
realm/realm-js: CHANGELOG.md

);
```
* It is no longer an error to set a base url for an App with a trailing slash - for example, `https://services.cloud.mongodb.com/` instead of `https://services.cloud.mongodb.com` - before this change that would result in a 404 error from the server. ([realm/realm-core#7791](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/pull/7791))
* Performance has been improved for range queries on integers and timestamps when using the `BETWEEN` operator. ([realm/realm-core#7785](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/pull/7785))

### Fixed
* Opening an Flexible Sync Realm asynchronously may not wait to download all data. ([realm/realm-core#7720](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/issues/7720), since v10.12.0)
* Clearing a list of `mixed` in an upgraded file would lead to an assertion failing. ([realm/realm-core#7771](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/issues/7771), since 12.7.0-rc.0)
* `Realm.writeCopyTo()` on an encrypted Realm without explicitly specifying a new encryption key would only work if the old key happened to be a string without null characters. ([realm/realm-core#7842](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/issues/7842), since v12.10.0)

> * Assigning a mixed property with a list should replace the value by clearing an existing list first. ([realm/realm-core#7809](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/issues/7809), since v12.9.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A `mixed` property with a collection could sometimes end up with a combination of values assigned by different clients. ([realm/realm-core#7809](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/issues/7809), since v12.9.0)
```

* Fixed a bug with error message `array_backlink.cpp:112: Assertion failed: int64_t(value >> 1) == key.value` when removing an object. ([realm/realm-core#7594](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/issues/7594), since v10.6.0)

> * Fixed a bug with error message `array.cpp:319: Array::move() Assertion failed: begin <= end [2, 1]` when removing an object. ([realm/realm-core#7839](https://github.com/realm/realm-core/issues/7839), since v12.9.0)

Author: I will add a little more but the core changelog is at a deep technical level
